Patching virtualenv activate.sh for multiple Python versions (#664)
SINTEF/dlite: doc/getting_started/build/patch_activate.md

By default, [virtualenv] does not set `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.
This will result in errors when running applications that links to libdlite, like for example, `dlite-codegen`.

> To fix this, after compiling and installing `dlite`, the user needs prepend/append `$VIRTUAL_ENV/lib/` to `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.
> This can be done by modifying the `activate` shell file, located at `$WORKON_HOME/<envs_name>/bin/activate`. First, the user should add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this, `$VIRTUAL_ENV/lib/` needs to be appended/prepended to `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.
This is attempted done with the script patch_activate.sh which is run as a part of the installation.

If not successful, this can be done manually by modifying the `activate` shell file, located at `$WORKON_HOME/<envs_name>/bin/activate`. First, the user should add
```
